The Bioslaves have superior toxicity resistance. The sullen flesh can most effectively cart shit.
Bioslaves are weak and pitiful. Their bodies are fragile to blows and must rely on their masters for protection.
All must begin from the fetid depths.
Bioslaves cannot wear most clothing.
Hauling carts are available near both the Kommandant's Chapel and The Foundry.
Weather conditions change often, just as machinations. Prepare accordingly.
While most armaments and basic equipment is made in The Foundry, ammunition and medicine is acquired via import.
The prevention of thoughtcrime is a civic duty. All citizens are encouraged to participate in enforcement.
The Kommandant's word is law. His will manifest.
Parasites are a common malady amoungst the populace. They are inevitable, but can be minimized by not dumpster diving or swimming in the sewer.
The Proletariat are the city's workhorse. Cultivation, fishing, fabrication, and maintenance are all jobs the Proletariat are responsible of.
Sins are invisible transgressions. Cleansing of them is needed for ascention.
Just because you can fit it into your gullet doesn't mean it's food.
The Vigor vial (red) located in the UI displays your general health, if it reaches zero you die.
The Will vial (blue) located in the UI displays your general mental fortitude. Once it reaches zero, you become afflicted.
The Hunger vial (orange) located in the UI displays your satiety. Once it reaches zero, your health slowly drains.
The Toxicity vial (green) located in the UI displays the amount of toxic buildup within your body. After a certain threshold, it will begin to drain your health.
You can be at full health without any limbs, however you'd be better more useful as food.
Your limbs can be completely destroyed and you may survive, but if your torso or head is destroyed you will immediately die.
Bourgeoisie are weak to toxins and often require gas masks in many parts of The City.
Bourgeoisie are responsible for handling export contracts, manufacturing goods, and selling goods to the Proletariats.
Some weather can affect cultivation positively, as the same can be said for fishing.
SAMOSBOR comes to reassemble the world periodically. His vision is deadly, yet shallow - seek shelter.